1. Our greatest glory is not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall. — Confucius



2. All our dreams can come true, if we have the courage to pursue them. – Walt Disney



3. It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop. – Confucius


4. Everything you’ve ever wanted is on the other side of fear. — George Addair


5. Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts. – Winston Churchill


6. Hardships often prepare ordinary people for an extraordinary destiny. – C.S. Lewis


7. Believe in yourself. You are braver than you think, more talented than you know, and capable of more than you imagine. ― Roy T. Bennett


8. I learned that courage was not the absence of fear, but the triumph over it. The brave man is not he who does not feel afraid, but he who conquers that fear. – Nelson Mandela


9. There is only one thing that makes a dream impossible to achieve: the fear of failure. ― Paulo Coelho



10. It’s not whether you get knocked down. It’s whether you get up. – Vince Lombardi



 


11. Your true success in life begins only when you make the commitment to become excellent at what you do. — Brian Tracy



12. Believe in yourself, take on your challenges, dig deep within yourself to conquer fears. Never let anyone bring you down. You got to keep going. – Chantal Sutherland



13. Definiteness of purpose is the starting point of all achievement. – W. Clement Stone



14. Too many of us are not living our dreams because we are living our fears. – Les Brown



15. If you believe it will work out, you’ll see opportunities. If you believe it won’t, you will see obstacles. – Wayne Dyer



16. Permanence, perseverance and persistence in spite of all obstacles, discouragements, and impossibilities: It is this, that in all things distinguishes the strong soul from the weak. – Thomas Carlyle



17. Success means doing the best we can with what we have. Success is the doing, not the getting; in the trying, not the triumph. Success is a personal standard, reaching for the highest that is in us, becoming all that we can be. – Zig Ziglar



18. If you set goals and go after them with all the determination you can muster, your gifts will take you places that will amaze you. – Les Brown



19. Hard times don’t create heroes. It is during the hard times when the ‘hero’ within us is revealed. – Bob Riley



20. Believe you can and you’re halfway there. — Theodore Roosevelt



21. Your mind is a powerful thing. When you fill it with positive thoughts, your life will start to change. – Unknown



22. Start by doing what’s necessary; then do what’s possible; and suddenly you are doing the impossible. – Francis of Assisi



23. I attribute my success to this: I never gave or took any excuse. – Florence Nightingale



24. Whatever you hold in your mind on a consistent basis is exactly what you will experience in your life. ― Tony Robbins



25. Most of the important things in the world have been accomplished by people who have kept on trying when there seemed to be no hope at all. — Dale Carnegie



26. Strength does not come from physical capacity. It comes from an indomitable will. – Mahatma Gandhi



 


27. Perseverance is the hard work you do after you get tired of doing the hard work you already did. – Newt Gingrich



28. The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams – Franklin D. Roosevelt



29. I am not a product of my circumstances. I am a product of my decisions. — Stephen Covey



30. Don’t be pushed around by the fears in your mind. Be led by the dreams in your heart. ― Roy T. Bennett



31. You’re going to go through tough times – that’s life. But I say, ‘Nothing happens to you, it happens for you.’ See the positive in negative events. – Joel Osteen



32. Character cannot be developed in ease and quiet. Only through experience of trial and suffering can the soul be strengthened, ambition inspired, and success achieved. – Helen Keller



33. If you can tune into your purpose and really align with it, setting goals so that your vision is an expression of that purpose, then life flows much more easily. ― Jack Canfield



34. Whatever the mind can conceive and believe, it can achieve. ― Napoleon Hill



35. Don’t wish it were easier. Wish you were better. ― Jim Rohn



36. It is during our darkest moments that we must focus to see the light. — Aristotle Onassis



37. It’s not about perfect. It’s about effort. And when you bring that effort every single day, that’s where transformation happens. That’s how change occurs. – Jillian Michaels



38. Success is no accident. It is hard work, perseverance, learning, studying, sacrifice and most of all, love of what you are doing or learning to do. – Pele



39. Strength doesn’t come from what you can do. It comes from overcoming the things you once thought you couldn’t. – Rikki Rogers



40. Learn from the past, set vivid, detailed goals for the future, and live in the only moment of time over which you have any control: now. – Denis Waitley



41. We don’t develop courage by being happy every day. We develop it by surviving difficult times and challenging adversity. – Barbara De Angelis



42. Fortune always favors the brave, and never helps a man who does not help himself. – P. T. Barnum



43. Go confidently in the direction of your dreams. Live the life you have imagined. –Henry David Thoreau



44. If you can dream it, then you can achieve it. You will get all you want in life if you help enough other people get what they want. – Zig Ziglar



45. The only person you are destined to become is the person you decide to be. —Ralph Waldo Emerson



46. Perfection is not attainable, but if we chase perfection we can catch excellence. — Vince Lombardi



47. Life is 10% what happens to you and 90% how you react to it. – Charles R. Swindoll



 


48. If you don’t like something, change it. If you can’t change it, change your attitude. – Maya Angelou



49. You control your future, your destiny. What you think about comes about. By recording your dreams and goals on paper, you set in motion the process of becoming the person you most want to be. Put your future in good hands – your own. – Mark Victor Hansen



50. Failure will never overtake me if my determination to succeed is strong enough. – Og Mandino



51. Inaction breeds doubt and fear. Action breeds confidence and courage. If you want to conquer fear, do not sit home and think about it. Go out and get busy. – Dale Carnegie



52. Limitations live only in our minds. But if we use our imaginations, our possibilities become limitless. —Jamie Paolinetti



53. Setting goals is the first step into turning the invisible into the visible. – Tony Robbins



54. Success means doing the best we can with what we have. Success is the doing, not the getting; in the trying, not the triumph. Success is a personal standard, reaching for the highest that is in us, becoming all that we can be. – Zig Ziglar



55. Only those who dare to fail greatly can ever achieve greatly. ― Robert F. Kennedy



56. Remember that not getting what you want is sometimes a wonderful stroke of luck. —Dalai Lama



57. Staying positive does not mean that things will turn out okay. Rather it is knowing that you will be okay no matter how things turn out. – Unknown



58. You gain strength, courage, and confidence by every experience in which you really stop to look fear in the face. You are able to say to yourself, ‘I lived through this horror. I can take the next thing that comes along. – Eleanor Roosevelt



59. No matter how hard times may get, always hold your head up and be strong; show them you’re not as weak as they think you are. – Unknown



60. We may encounter many defeats but we must not be defeated. – Maya Angelou


61. Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things you didn’t do than by the things you did. – Mark Twain



62. Believe in yourself! Have faith in your abilities! Without a humble but reasonable confidence in your own powers you cannot be successful or happy. – Norman Vincent Peale



63. In order to carry a positive action we must develop here a positive vision. — Dalai Lama



64. Your time is limited, so don’t waste it living someone else’s life. – Steve Jobs



65. Be so happy that when others look at you they become happy too. – Unknown



66. Challenges are what make life interesting and overcoming them is what makes life meaningful. – Joshua Marine



67. I never dreamed about success. I worked for it. – Estee Lauder

inspirational

68. You cannot afford to live in potential for the rest of your life; at some point, you have to unleash the potential and make your move. – Eric Thomas



69. It is never too late to be what you might have been. – George Eliot



70. There is no greater disability in society than the inability to see a person as more. – Robert M. Hensel



71. The best way to gain self-confidence is to do what you are afraid to do. – Swati Sharma



72. When obstacles arise, you change your direction to reach your goal, you do not change your decision to get there. – Zig Ziglar



73. The Secret of Change Is to Focus All of Your Energy, Not on Fighting the Old, But on Building the New – Socrates

inspiration

74. The pessimist sees difficulty in every opportunity. The optimist sees opportunity in every difficulty. – Winston Churchill



75. You will never find time for anything. If you want time you must make it. – Charles Buxton



76. The greatest danger for most of us is not that our aim is too high and we miss it, but that it is too low and we reach it. – Michaelangelo


77. The two most important days in your life are the day you are born and the day you find out why. – Mark Twain



78. Free yourself from your past mistakes, by forgiving yourself for what you have done or went through. Every day is another chance to start over. – Unknown


1. It is less about becoming a better person, and more of being better, as a person. ― J.R. Rim

2. You can’t litter negativity everywhere and then wonder why you’ve got a trashy life. – Unknown

3. Life is not about waiting for the storm to pass but learning to dance in the rain. – Vivian Greene

4. When you know what you want, and want it bad enough, you’ll find a way to get it. – Jim Rohn

5. If you can see yourself as an artist, and you can see that your life is your own creation, then why not create the most beautiful story for yourself? ― Miguel Ruiz

6. Free yourself from your past mistakes, by forgiving yourself for what you have done or went through. Every day is another chance to start over. – Unknown

7. Challenges are what make life interesting and overcoming them is what makes life meaningful. – Joshua Marine

8. In essence, if we want to direct our lives, we must take control of our consistent actions. It’s not what we do once in a while that shapes our lives, but what we do consistently. – Tony Robbins

9. I find it sad that too many do not understand themselves, or their potential. They don’t even take the time to get to know their unconsciousness. You can truly learn so much, by simply getting to know the “you” that is behind the reality of yourself. ― Lionel Suggs

10. By making yourself a life-long learner you’ll keep discovering new and exciting things about yourself and others. ― Rachel Robins


 


11. Who you spend your time with will have a great impact on what kind of life you live. Spend time with the right people. – Joel Osteen

12. When change happens, you have a choice for how you are going to respond. You can either lose your composure and react impetuously or use the event or situation as a learning opportunity to shift your mindset and respond appropriately. Begin to notice your responses when changes occur and do your best to choose a breakthrough over a breakdown. ― Susan C. Young

13. If you chase anything in life chase the things that get you excited about living. Chase the things that give you hope, happiness and a glimpse of a better life. Chase the things that make you want to be a better person. Chase the things that inspire you to think, create and live joyfully. Chase the things that reinforce in your soul that you can make a difference. Chase the things that make you want to transform your heart from selfish to selfless. When you chase that kind of storm you are chasing rainbows. ― Shannon L. Alder

14. Happiness is letting go of what you think your life is supposed to look like and enjoying it for everything that it is. – Mandy Hale

15. Experience is the teacher of all things. – Julius Caesar


1. What you want exists. Don’t settle until you get it.

2. Be with someone who is proud to have you.

3. Love is when the other persons happiness is more important than your own.

4. You don’t marry someone you can live with. You marry someone you can’t live without.

5. The best love story is when you fall in love with the most unexpected person at the most unexpected time.

6. Someday, someone might come into your life and love you the way you’ve always wanted.

7. You know you’re in love when you can’t fall asleep because reality is finally better than your dreams. – Dr Seuss

8. It takes a strong heart to love, but it takes an even stronger heart to continue to love after it’s been hurt.

9. The couples that are meant to be are the ones who go through everything that is meant to tear them apart, and come out even stronger.

10. Without respect, love is lost. Without caring, love is boring. Without honesty, love is unhappy. Without trust, love is unstable.

11. We have to recognize that there cannot be relationships unless there is commitment, unless there is loyalty, unless there is love, patience, persistence. ― Cornel West

12. If you find it in your heart to care for somebody else, you will have succeeded. – Maya Angelou

13. Never love anyone who treats you like you’re ordinary. – Oscar Wilde

14. The best kiss is the one that has been exchanged a thousand times between the eyes before it reaches the lips. Unknown

15. When you love someone, you love the person as they are, and not as you’d like them to be. Leo Tolstoy

1. I’d rather hustle 24/7 than slave 9 to 5.

2. You never lose in business. You either win or learn.

3. The best way to predict the future is to create it. – Peter Drucker

4. It’s not about ideas. It’s about making ideas happen.  – Scott Belsky

5. As an entrepreneur, you never stop learning.  – Daymond John

6. Success is what happens after you have survived your disappointments.

7. Chase the vision, not the money. The money will end up following you.  – Tony Hsieh

8. We are never in lack of money. We lack people with dreams who can die for those dreams. – Jack Ma

9. When something is important enough, you do it even if the odds are not in your favor. – Elon Musk

10. All things equal, people will do business with, and refer business to, people they know trust and like. – Bob Burg

11. From my very first day as an entrepreneur, I’ve felt the only mission worth pursuing in business is to make people’s lives better. – Richard Branson

12. It takes twenty years to build a reputation. And five minutes to ruin it. If you think about that, you’ll do things differently. – Warren Buffet

13. Success in life comes when you simply refuse to give up, with goals so strong that obstacles, failure, and loss only act as motivation. – Unknown

14. Grind while they sleep. Learn while they party. Live like they dream. – Unknown

15. It’s not whether you get knocked down. It’s whether you get up. – Vince Lombardi

1. I’ve learned that making a ‘living’ is not the same thing as ‘making a life’. ― Maya Angelou

2. Every job is a self portrait of a person who does it. Autograph your work with excellence. – Unknown

3. Don’t be busy. Be productive. – Unknown

4. If the plan doesn’t work, change the plan. But never the goal. – Unknown

5. Ability: is what you are capable of doing. Motivation: determines what you do. Attitude: determines how well you do it. – Unknown

6. To do great work is to love what you do. – Unknown

7. Work hard in silence. Let success make the noise. – Unknown

8. If you want to achieve greatness, stop asking for permission. – Unknown

9. You will never always be motivated. You have to learn to be disciplined. – Unknown

10. Don’t downgrade your dream just to fit your reality. Upgrade your conviction to match your destiny. – Unknown

11. Working hard for something we don’t care about is called stress. Working hard for something we love is called passion. – Unknown

12. Success means doing the best we can with what we have. Success is the doing, not the getting; in the trying, not the triumph. Success is a personal standard, reaching for the highest that is in us, becoming all that we can be. – Zig Ziglar

13. The truth is that our finest moments are most likely to occur when we are feeling deeply uncomfortable, unhappy, or unfulfilled. For it is only in such moments, propelled by our discomfort, that we are likely to step out of our ruts and start searching for different ways or truer answers. – M. Scott Peck

14. Find out what you like doing best, and get someone to pay you for doing it. – Katherine Whitehorn

15. Whatever you are, be a good one. – Abraham Lincoln

1. It never gets easier. You just get better.

2. Look in the mirror. That’s your competition.

3. Don’t wish it were easier. Wish you were better. ― Jim Rohn

4. Confidence comes from discipline and training. – Robert Kiyosaki

5. Success is what comes after your stop making excuses. – Luis Galarza

6. Setting goals is the first step into turning the invisible into the visible. – Tony Robbins

7. Results happen over time, not overnight. Work hard, stay consistent, and be patient.

8. There is only one thing that makes a dream impossible to achieve: the fear of failure. ― Paulo Coelho

9. Optimism is the faith that leads to achievement. Nothing can be done without hope and confidence. – Helen Keller

10. Whenever you find yourself doubting how far you can go, just remember how far you have come. Remember everything you have faced, all the battles you have won, and all the fears you have overcome. – Unknown

1. Starve your distractions. Feed your focus.

2. There is no elevator to success. You have to take the stairs.

3. Excuses will always be there for you. Opportunity won’t.

4. Maturity comes when you stop making excuses and start making changes.

5. Your life is a school. Everything that happens is teaching you something. Pay attention.

6. What you think of yourself is much more important than what people think of you.

7. The harder you work for something, the greater you’ll feel when you achieve it.

8. Education is the most powerful weapon which you can use to change the world. – Nelson Mandela

9. Confidence comes not from always being right but from not fearing to be wrong. – Peter T. Mcintyre

10. We don’t develop courage by being happy every day. We develop it by surviving difficult times and challenging adversity. – Barbara De Angelis

11. Challenges and obstacles are a part of life. They make us stronger and build character. If life were easy it would be boring and you would never grow.

12. Your personal growth is the only thing that matters. You own and write your story; no one else does. Believe in the unique step up the mountain. ― Brittany Burgunder

13. Failure doesn’t mean it’s over. It means try with more experience.

14. Be a student as long as you still have something to learn, and this will mean all your life. – Henry L. Doherty

15. The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams – Franklin D. Roosevelt